# Final Feature Overview

Below are the features that our project has implemented including what purpose they serve:

1. Initial landing page with infinite scrolling and manual Questionnaire ID input.
    - <ins>What it does</ins>: The landing page of the app includes two ways to access a Questionnaire to fill out. The first is the use of a Questionnaire ID input, in the case where users know the ID of the Questionnaire they want to fill out. The alternative: users can search for the Questionnaire that they want from an infinitely scrolling list, which contains Questionnaires, their descriptions and publication date, and their ID. Clicking on it brings you to the Questionnaire and allows you to fill it out.
    - <ins>How it works</ins>: Initially a set of questionnaires are pulled from the backend and displayed from the user to select from. They can select from those set or can scroll and more results will be shown using results pulled again from the backend. Alternatively, users can input a questionnaire ID using the frontend form field which gets the questionnaire object using the APIs.
    - <ins>Acceptance Criteria</ins>: A working UI where users can select a questionnaire verified by user testing has been identified to be a successful feature delivery. We have working [tests](https://github.com/TiagoF99/CSC302-Patient-Questionnaire/tree/main/app/test) and meeting notes showing the progress and completion of this feature.
2. A second page that renders the selected questionnaire as a React form with all of the necessary validation, error, and type checks.
    - <ins>What it does</ins>: Users can fill out the form that they selected and fill it out. If there are any errors in the forms requirements or the data that the user submitted, they will be displayed an error message indicating they should try again. 
    - <ins>How it works</ins>: The landing page passes in a questionnaire ID for the questionnaire that was selected and then the questionnaire object is pulled using the backend and the ID. From here the questionnaire object is parsed and Formik (form rendering library) is used to generate form elements for the different form fields. Validation and error checking is done first when the user submits the form in the frontend. Once validation is verified in the frontend, the data is sent to the backend to be verified once again and an error is displayed to the user if the validation was successful or not.
    - <ins>Acceptance Criteria</ins>: A UI where users can fill out the form they selected properly following all of the validation and rule requirements of HAPI and the questionnaire was the outlined verification process for this feature. There are meeting notes and [tests](https://github.com/TiagoF99/CSC302-Patient-Questionnaire/tree/main/app/test) displaying the progress and results of the process around this test.
3. Library which handles Questionnaire validation and submission of a response 
    - <ins>What it does</ins>: Backend contains a set library/set of functions which are used to perform validation on Questionnaire Answers, and data received from the frontend. It then constructs a QuestionnaireResponse from the valid object, and submits it to the FHIR server.
    - <ins>How it works</ins>: Iterates through each question type, recursively when needed, to and verifies input types and against all validation rules required.
    - <ins>Acceptance Criteria</ins>: Users who submit answers which do not match the input types required, meet the size constraints, or other validation criteria such as required answers, conditionally required/empty answers, etc. have their answers rejected with a meaningful error to display on the frontend.


All of the planned features were implemented. All other work on this project not outlined above involved setting up a proper docker and testing environment and setting up API requests in the backend for all of the required functionalities highlighted above.
