# Dream Team's TA Meeting Notes

### Sept 30
- Met with the TA to discuss:
    - How we as individuals are feeling about the course
    - If we have met to discuss A1 and team roles and expectations for future work and meetings
 - Met async with the industry partner for our project and had him look over our milestones for the project to verify that it is both fair and realistic within the given time frame
     - He agreed that we set out a good plan for the rest of the semester and gave good tips for some of the stuff we wrote 

### Oct 07
- Met with TA Julia:
    - Talked about A1 marking and what we can expect in terms of A2
    - Discussed how each group member felt about A1 and their own individual contributions and next steps
- Concerns:
    - Very similar open source tools already exist that do what we are trying to accomplish with this project. We do not think we will be able to build a better tool compared to those given we have such a limited amount of time.  


### Oct 21
- Met with TA Julia:
    - Talked about how we have started A2 and have some working features currently
    - We individually spoke about what we have been working on and what we have found has been going well and not going well technically
        - Tiago:
            - Frontend work has been going well but some challenged with setting up FHIR and all of its formatting and type restrictions
        - Kevin:
            - Working on setting up the landing page
        - Rishab:
            - Working on setting up the backend and researching different tools that we could leverage for our project
        - Patrick:
            - Team had a hard time figuring out project scope but have a clear understanding after team weekly meeting
            - Working on the backend alongside Rishab and is new to alot of the technologies being used, so needs some ramp up time  
    - Things to note:
        - Improve meeting notes to include meetings with industry partner
        - Professor will doc marks for not showing up to TA meetings 


### Oct 28
- Met with TA Julia:
    - Talked about previous issues with project scope and how they are mostly resolved now
    - Not much project progress this last week given other priorities
    - Kevin made some progress on his end this week given he did not do much the previous week
    - All team members said what has been going well technically and was has not been going so well
        - FHIR server was down for a period of time when developing this week
    - Discussed team progress and where we are at with milestones
    - Things to note:
        - Improve meeting notes to include meetings with industry partner
        - Professor will doc marks for not showing up to TA meetings 
 
 ### November 4
- A3 will be out monday, november 8
- A3 will include a retrospective on A2 similar to post mortem
- No TA meeting next week during reading week
- Discussed our A2 progress and what we have left to complete before the deadline


### November 18
- Talked about responsibility division for A3
- All team members discussed what we have been/will be working on for A3 which includes a major emphasis on finishing features and including tests
